Create rule S6991: Macro arguments should not contain preprocessing directives (CPP-5132) (#4021)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6991/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> The preprocessor performs two main tasks: Handling preprocessor directives, and expanding macros. The two should not be mixed-up, and when a macro argument contains something that looks like a preprocessor directive, the behavior is undefined. 

Reviewer: Is it really mixing up that is a problem? I think having macro expansion inside preprocessor directives is OK, so the problem is more focused than that.

```suggestion
The preprocessor performs two main tasks: Handling preprocessor directives, and expanding macros. The two should not be mixed-up, and when a macro argument contains something that could be interpreted as a preprocessor directive, the behavior is undefined. 
```

Reviewer 2: Is this better now?
